Kristris.md, before:

# Kristris

## Background: Outlander (Bounty hunter)

You grew up in the wilds, far from civilization and the comforts of town and technology. You've witnessed the migration of herds larger than forests, survived weather more extreme than any city-dweller could comprehend, and enjoyed the solitude of being the only thinking creature for miles in any direction. The wilds are in your blood, whether you were a nomad, an explorer, a recluse, a hunter-gatherer, or even a marauder. Even in places where you don't know the specific features of the terrain, you know the ways of the wild.

Often considered rude and uncouth among civilized folk, outlanders have little respect for the niceties of life in the cities. The ties of tribe, clan, family, and the natural world of which they are a part are the most important bonds to most outlanders.

* __Traits__:
    - I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups. (2)
    - I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry owlbear. (5)
* __Ideal__: Greater Good. It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe. (2)
* __Bond__: My family, clan, or tribe is the most important thing in my life, even when they are far from me. (1)
* __Flaw__: I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies. (4)

_Traits, ideal, bonds and flaw can be changed for a while_

## Background Features

### Wanderer

You have an excellent memory for maps and geography, and you can always recall the general layout of terrain, settlements, and other features around you. In addition, you can find food and fresh water for yourself and up to five other people each day, provided that the land offers berries, small game, water, and so forth. 

## Racial Traits: High Elf

### Darkvision

You have superior vision in dark and dim Conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in Darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern colour in Darkness, only shades of grey.

### Fey Ancestry

You have advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep.

### Trance

Elves don't need to sleep. Instead, they meditate deeply, remaining semiconscious, for 4 hours a day. (The Common word for such meditation is "trance.") While meditating, you can dream after a fashion; such dreams are actually mental exercises that have become reflexive through years of practice. After resting in this way, you gain the same benefit that a human does from 8 hours of sleep.

### Cantrip - TODO

You know one cantrip of your choice from the wizard spell list. Intelligence is your spellcasting ability for it.

## Class Traits: Ranger (revised) - Beast Conclave

https://media.wizards.com/2016/dnd/downloads/UA_RevisedRanger.pdf

### Favoured Enemy: Dwarves, Orcs

Beginning at 1st level, you have significant experience studying, tracking, hunting, and even talking to a certain type of enemy commonly encountered in the wilds.

You gain a +4 bonus to damage rolls with weapon attacks against creatures of the chosen type. Additionally, you have advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks to track your favoured enemies, as well as on Intelligence checks to recall information about them.

When you gain this feature, you also learn one language of your choice, typically one spoken by your favoured enemy or creatures associated with it. 
However, you are free to pick any language you wish to learn.

### Natural Explorer

You are a master of navigating the natural world, and you react with swift and decisive action when attacked. This grants you the following benefits:

* You ignore difficult terrain.
* You have advantage on initiative rolls.
* On your first turn during combat, you have advantage on attack rolls against creatures that have not yet acted.

In addition, you are skilled at navigating the wilderness. You gain the following benefits when travelling for an hour or more:

* Difficult terrain doesn't slow your group's travel.
* Your group can't become lost except by magical means.
* Even when you are engaged in another activity while travelling (such as foraging, navigating, or tracking), you remain alert to danger.
* If you are travelling alone, you can move stealthily at a normal pace.
* When you forage, you find twice as much food as you normally would.
* While tracking other creatures, you also learn their exact number, their sizes, and how long ago they passed through the area.

### Fighting Style: Two-weapon fighting

When you engage in two-weapon fighting, you can add your ability modifier to the damage of the second attack.

### Primeval Awareness

Beginning at 3rd level, your mastery of ranger lore allows you to establish a powerful link to beasts and to the land around you.

You have an innate ability to communicate with beasts, and they recognize you as a kindred spirit. Through sounds and gestures, you can communicate simple ideas to a beast as an action, and can read its basic mood and intent. You learn its emotional state, whether it is affected by magic of any sort, its short-term needs (such as food or safety), and actions you can take (if any) to persuade it to not attack.

You cannot use this ability against a creature that you have attacked within the past 10 minutes.

Additionally, you can attune your senses to determine if any of your favoured enemies lurk nearby. By spending 1 uninterrupted minute in concentration (as if you were concentrating on a spell), you can sense whether any of your favoured enemies are present within 5 miles of you. This feature reveals which of your favoured enemies are present, their numbers, and the creatures' general direction and distance (in miles) from you.

If there are multiple groups of your favoured enemies within range, you learn this information for each group. 

### Beast Conclave - Animal Companion

At 3rd level, you learn to use your magic to create a powerful bond with a creature of the natural world.

With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of 50 gp worth of rare herbs and fine food, you call forth an animal from the wilderness to serve as your faithful companion. You normally select your companion from among the following animals: ape, black bear, boar, giant badger, giant weasel, mule, panther, and wolf. However, your DM might pick one of these animals for you, based on the surrounding terrain and on what types of creatures would logically be present in the area.

At the end of the 8 hours, your animal companion appears and gains all the benefits of your Companion's Bond ability. You can have only one animal companion at a time.

If your animal companion is ever slain, the magical bond you share allows you to return it to life. With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of 25 gp worth of rare herbs and fine food, you call forth your companion's spirit and use your magic to create a new body for it. You can return an animal companion to life in this manner even if you do not possess any part of its body.

If you use this ability to return a former animal companion to life while you have a current animal companion, your current companion leaves you and is replaced by the restored companion.

#### Companion's Bond

The companion obeys your commands as best it can. It rolls for initiative like any other creature, but you determine its actions, decisions, attitudes, and so on. If you are incapacitated or absent, your companion acts on its own.

When using your Natural Explorer feature, you and your animal companion can both move stealthily at a normal pace. 

Your animal companion has abilities and game statistics determined in part by your level. Your companion uses your proficiency bonus rather than its own. In addition to the areas where it normally uses its proficiency bonus, 
an animal companion also adds it's proficiency bonus to its AC and to its damage rolls.

Your animal companion gains proficiency in two skills of your choice. It also becomes proficient with all saving throws.

For each level you gain after 3rd, your animal companion gains an additional hit die and increases its hit points accordingly.

Whenever you gain the Ability Score Improvement class feature, your companion's abilities also improve. 
Your companion can increase one ability score of your choice by 2, or it can increase two ability scores of your choice 
by 1. As normal, your companion can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature unless its description specifies otherwise.

Your companion shares your alignment, and has a personality trait and a flaw that you can roll for or select from the tables below __TODO__. Your companion shares your ideal, and its bond is always, "The ranger who travels with me is a beloved companion for whom I would gladly give my life."

### Beast Conclave - Coordinated Attack

Beginning at 5th level, you and your animal companion form a more potent fighting team.

When you use the Attack action on your turn, if your companion can see you, it can use its reaction to make a melee attack.

### Greater Favoured Enemy: Dragon

At 6th level, you are ready to hunt even deadlier game. You gain all the benefits against this chosen enemy that you normally gain against your favored enemy, including an additional language. Your bonus to damage rolls against all your favored enemies increases to +4.

Additionally, you have advantage on saving throws against the spells and abilities used by a greater favored enemy.

__TODO: Choose new language. Draconic?__

## Spells

By the time you reach 2nd level, you have learned to use the magical essence of nature to cast spells, much as a druid does. To cast a spell, you must expend a slot of the spell's level or higher. You regain all expended spell slots when you finish a long rest.

### Speak with Animals

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 10 Minutes
* Components: V, S

You gain the ability to comprehend and verbally communicate with beasts for the duration. The knowledge and awareness of many beasts is limited by their intelligence, but at minimum, beasts can give you information about nearby locations and monsters, including whatever they can perceive or have perceived within the past day. You might be able to persuade a beast to perform a small favour for you, at the GM's discretion.

### Hunter's Mark

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action
* Duration: 1 Hour (Concentration)
* Range: 90 ft
* Components: V

You choose a creature you can see within range and mystically mark it as your quarry. Until the spell ends, you deal an extra 1d6 damage to the target whenever you hit it with a weapon attack, and you have advantage on any Wisdom (Perception) or Wisdom (Survival) check you make to find it. If the target drops to 0 hit points before this spell ends, you can use a bonus action on a subsequent turn of yours to mark a new creature.

__At Higher Levels.__ When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd or 4th level, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 8 hours. When you use a spell slot of 5th level or higher, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 24 hours.

### Pass without Trace

* 2nd-level Abjuration
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 1 Hour (Concentration)
* Components: V, S, M (ashes from a burned leaf of mistletoe and a sprig of spruce)

A veil of shadows and silence radiates from you, masking you and your companions from detection. For the duration, each creature you choose within 30 feet of you (including you) has a +10 bonus to Dexterity (Stealth) checks and can't be tracked except by magical means. A creature that receives this bonus leaves behind no tracks or other traces of its passage.

### Healing Spirit

* 2nd-level Conjuration
* Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action
* Duration: 1 Minute (Concentration)
* Range: 60ft
* Components: V, S

You call forth a nature spirit to soothe the wounded. The intangible spirit appears in a space that is a 5-foot cube you can see within range. The spirit looks like a transparent beast or fey (your choice).

Until the spell ends, whenever you or a creature you can see moves into the spirit's space for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, you can cause the spirit to restore 1d6 hit points to that creature (no action required). The spirit can't heal constructs or undead.

As a bonus action on your turn, you can move the spirit up to 30 feet to a space you can see.

__At Higher Levels.__ When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd level or higher, the healing increases by 1d6 for each slot level above 2nd.

### Detect Magic

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 10 Minutes (Concentration)
* Range: Self (30ft)
* Components: V, S

For the duration, you sense the presence of magic within 30 feet of you. If you sense magic in this way, you can use your action to see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any.

The spell can penetrate most barriers, but it is blocked by 1 foot of stone, 1 inch of common metal, a thin sheet of lead, or 3 feet of wood or dirt.

## Companion: Enbella (panther)

_Correct for level 5._

* __Proficiency__ +3 _(from player level)_
* __Armour Class__ 15 _(includes proficiency)_
* __Hit Point Maximum__ 19
* __Hit Dice__ 5d8
* __Speed__ 50 ft., climb 40 ft.
* __Attributes__
    - __STR__ 16 (+3)
    - __DEX__ 15 (+2)
    - __CON__ 10 (+0)
    - __INT__ 3 (-4)
    - __WIS__ 14 (+2)
    - __CHA__ 7 (-2)
* __Proficient skills__ Perception, Stealth, __TODO: choose 2 more__
* __Proficient saves__ All

### Abilities

__Keen Smell__ The panther has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on smell. 

__Pounce__ If the panther moves at least 20 feet straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 12 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the panther can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action.

### Actions

__Bite__ _Melee Weapon Attack:_ +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 1d6 + 6 piercing damage. _(attack and damage include proficiency)_

__Claw__ _Melee Weapon Attack:_ +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 1d4 + 6 slashing damage. _(attack and damage include proficiency)_

## Items

__TODO: add 130 gold to sheet__

### Elven Longblade

__TODO: add to sheet__

_Weapon (rapier), uncommon_

* __Properties__ Finesse, Light
* __Damage__ 1d8 Slashing

This thin, courtly sword is uncannily quick to strike.

### Studded Leather Armour

__TODO: add to sheet__

_Light Armour_

* __AC__ 12 + Dex

Made from tough but flexible leather, studded leather is reinforced with close-set rivets or spikes.

### Gloves of Comfort

__TODO: add to sheet__

These gloves keep the user's hands warm and dry or cool and comfortable and are resistant to damage from normal use. They can be used to handle thorns, sharp objects, or very hot or cold items with no harm to the gloves or the user. Minor cuts or tears in the gloves will repair themselves after a long rest but purposefully cutting, burning, etc., will destroy the gloves.

Commit message:

Finish Kristris update to level 7

Kristris.md, after:

# Kristris

## Background: Outlander (Bounty hunter)

You grew up in the wilds, far from civilization and the comforts of town and technology. You've witnessed the migration of herds larger than forests, survived weather more extreme than any city-dweller could comprehend, and enjoyed the solitude of being the only thinking creature for miles in any direction. The wilds are in your blood, whether you were a nomad, an explorer, a recluse, a hunter-gatherer, or even a marauder. Even in places where you don't know the specific features of the terrain, you know the ways of the wild.

Often considered rude and uncouth among civilized folk, outlanders have little respect for the niceties of life in the cities. The ties of tribe, clan, family, and the natural world of which they are a part are the most important bonds to most outlanders.

* __Traits__:
    - I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups. (2)
    - I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won't save you from a hungry owlbear. (5)
* __Ideal__: Greater Good. It is each person's responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe. (2)
* __Bond__: My family, clan, or tribe is the most important thing in my life, even when they are far from me. (1)
* __Flaw__: I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies. (4)

_Traits, ideal, bonds and flaw can be changed for a while_

## Background Features

### Wanderer

You have an excellent memory for maps and geography, and you can always recall the general layout of terrain, settlements, and other features around you. In addition, you can find food and fresh water for yourself and up to five other people each day, provided that the land offers berries, small game, water, and so forth. 

## Racial Traits: High Elf

### Darkvision

You have superior vision in dark and dim Conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in Darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern colour in Darkness, only shades of grey.

### Fey Ancestry

You have advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and magic can't put you to sleep.

### Trance

Elves don't need to sleep. Instead, they meditate deeply, remaining semiconscious, for 4 hours a day. (The Common word for such meditation is "trance.") While meditating, you can dream after a fashion; such dreams are actually mental exercises that have become reflexive through years of practice. After resting in this way, you gain the same benefit that a human does from 8 hours of sleep.

### Cantrip - TODO

You know one cantrip of your choice from the wizard spell list. Intelligence is your spellcasting ability for it.

## Class Traits: Ranger (revised) - Beast Conclave

https://media.wizards.com/2016/dnd/downloads/UA_RevisedRanger.pdf

### Favoured Enemy: Dwarves, Orcs

Beginning at 1st level, you have significant experience studying, tracking, hunting, and even talking to a certain type of enemy commonly encountered in the wilds.

You gain a +4 bonus to damage rolls with weapon attacks against creatures of the chosen type. Additionally, you have advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks to track your favoured enemies, as well as on Intelligence checks to recall information about them.

When you gain this feature, you also learn one language of your choice, typically one spoken by your favoured enemy or creatures associated with it. 
However, you are free to pick any language you wish to learn.

### Natural Explorer

You are a master of navigating the natural world, and you react with swift and decisive action when attacked. This grants you the following benefits:

* You ignore difficult terrain.
* You have advantage on initiative rolls.
* On your first turn during combat, you have advantage on attack rolls against creatures that have not yet acted.

In addition, you are skilled at navigating the wilderness. You gain the following benefits when travelling for an hour or more:

* Difficult terrain doesn't slow your group's travel.
* Your group can't become lost except by magical means.
* Even when you are engaged in another activity while travelling (such as foraging, navigating, or tracking), you remain alert to danger.
* If you are travelling alone, you can move stealthily at a normal pace.
* When you forage, you find twice as much food as you normally would.
* While tracking other creatures, you also learn their exact number, their sizes, and how long ago they passed through the area.

### Fighting Style: Two-weapon fighting

When you engage in two-weapon fighting, you can add your ability modifier to the damage of the second attack.

### Primeval Awareness

Beginning at 3rd level, your mastery of ranger lore allows you to establish a powerful link to beasts and to the land around you.

You have an innate ability to communicate with beasts, and they recognize you as a kindred spirit. Through sounds and gestures, you can communicate simple ideas to a beast as an action, and can read its basic mood and intent. You learn its emotional state, whether it is affected by magic of any sort, its short-term needs (such as food or safety), and actions you can take (if any) to persuade it to not attack.

You cannot use this ability against a creature that you have attacked within the past 10 minutes.

Additionally, you can attune your senses to determine if any of your favoured enemies lurk nearby. By spending 1 uninterrupted minute in concentration (as if you were concentrating on a spell), you can sense whether any of your favoured enemies are present within 5 miles of you. This feature reveals which of your favoured enemies are present, their numbers, and the creatures' general direction and distance (in miles) from you.

If there are multiple groups of your favoured enemies within range, you learn this information for each group. 

### Beast Conclave - Animal Companion

At 3rd level, you learn to use your magic to create a powerful bond with a creature of the natural world.

With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of 50 gp worth of rare herbs and fine food, you call forth an animal from the wilderness to serve as your faithful companion. You normally select your companion from among the following animals: ape, black bear, boar, giant badger, giant weasel, mule, panther, and wolf. However, your DM might pick one of these animals for you, based on the surrounding terrain and on what types of creatures would logically be present in the area.

At the end of the 8 hours, your animal companion appears and gains all the benefits of your Companion's Bond ability. You can have only one animal companion at a time.

If your animal companion is ever slain, the magical bond you share allows you to return it to life. With 8 hours of work and the expenditure of 25 gp worth of rare herbs and fine food, you call forth your companion's spirit and use your magic to create a new body for it. You can return an animal companion to life in this manner even if you do not possess any part of its body.

If you use this ability to return a former animal companion to life while you have a current animal companion, your current companion leaves you and is replaced by the restored companion.

#### Companion's Bond

The companion obeys your commands as best it can. It rolls for initiative like any other creature, but you determine its actions, decisions, attitudes, and so on. If you are incapacitated or absent, your companion acts on its own.

When using your Natural Explorer feature, you and your animal companion can both move stealthily at a normal pace. 

Your animal companion has abilities and game statistics determined in part by your level. Your companion uses your proficiency bonus rather than its own. In addition to the areas where it normally uses its proficiency bonus, 
an animal companion also adds it's proficiency bonus to its AC and to its damage rolls.

Your animal companion gains proficiency in two skills of your choice. It also becomes proficient with all saving throws.

For each level you gain after 3rd, your animal companion gains an additional hit die and increases its hit points accordingly.

Whenever you gain the Ability Score Improvement class feature, your companion's abilities also improve. 
Your companion can increase one ability score of your choice by 2, or it can increase two ability scores of your choice 
by 1. As normal, your companion can't increase an ability score above 20 using this feature unless its description specifies otherwise.

Your companion shares your alignment, and has a personality trait and a flaw that you can roll for or select from the tables below __TODO__. Your companion shares your ideal, and its bond is always, "The ranger who travels with me is a beloved companion for whom I would gladly give my life."

### Beast Conclave - Coordinated Attack

Beginning at 5th level, you and your animal companion form a more potent fighting team.

When you use the Attack action on your turn, if your companion can see you, it can use its reaction to make a melee attack.

### Greater Favoured Enemy: Dragon

At 6th level, you are ready to hunt even deadlier game. You gain all the benefits against this chosen enemy that you normally gain against your favored enemy, including an additional language. Your bonus to damage rolls against all your favored enemies increases to +4.

Additionally, you have advantage on saving throws against the spells and abilities used by a greater favored enemy.

__TODO: Choose new language. Draconic?__

### Beast Conclave - Beast’s Defense

At 7th level, while your companion can see you, it has advantage on all saving throws.

## Spells

By the time you reach 2nd level, you have learned to use the magical essence of nature to cast spells, much as a druid does. To cast a spell, you must expend a slot of the spell's level or higher. You regain all expended spell slots when you finish a long rest.

### Speak with Animals

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 10 Minutes
* Components: V, S

You gain the ability to comprehend and verbally communicate with beasts for the duration. The knowledge and awareness of many beasts is limited by their intelligence, but at minimum, beasts can give you information about nearby locations and monsters, including whatever they can perceive or have perceived within the past day. You might be able to persuade a beast to perform a small favour for you, at the GM's discretion.

### Hunter's Mark

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action
* Duration: 1 Hour (Concentration)
* Range: 90 ft
* Components: V

You choose a creature you can see within range and mystically mark it as your quarry. Until the spell ends, you deal an extra 1d6 damage to the target whenever you hit it with a weapon attack, and you have advantage on any Wisdom (Perception) or Wisdom (Survival) check you make to find it. If the target drops to 0 hit points before this spell ends, you can use a bonus action on a subsequent turn of yours to mark a new creature.

__At Higher Levels.__ When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd or 4th level, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 8 hours. When you use a spell slot of 5th level or higher, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 24 hours.

### Pass without Trace

* 2nd-level Abjuration
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 1 Hour (Concentration)
* Components: V, S, M (ashes from a burned leaf of mistletoe and a sprig of spruce)

A veil of shadows and silence radiates from you, masking you and your companions from detection. For the duration, each creature you choose within 30 feet of you (including you) has a +10 bonus to Dexterity (Stealth) checks and can't be tracked except by magical means. A creature that receives this bonus leaves behind no tracks or other traces of its passage.

### Healing Spirit

* 2nd-level Conjuration
* Casting Time: 1 Bonus Action
* Duration: 1 Minute (Concentration)
* Range: 60ft
* Components: V, S

You call forth a nature spirit to soothe the wounded. The intangible spirit appears in a space that is a 5-foot cube you can see within range. The spirit looks like a transparent beast or fey (your choice).

Until the spell ends, whenever you or a creature you can see moves into the spirit's space for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, you can cause the spirit to restore 1d6 hit points to that creature (no action required). The spirit can't heal constructs or undead.

As a bonus action on your turn, you can move the spirit up to 30 feet to a space you can see.

__At Higher Levels.__ When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd level or higher, the healing increases by 1d6 for each slot level above 2nd.

### Detect Magic

* 1st-level Divination
* Casting Time: 1 Action
* Duration: 10 Minutes (Concentration)
* Range: Self (30ft)
* Components: V, S

For the duration, you sense the presence of magic within 30 feet of you. If you sense magic in this way, you can use your action to see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears magic, and you learn its school of magic, if any.

The spell can penetrate most barriers, but it is blocked by 1 foot of stone, 1 inch of common metal, a thin sheet of lead, or 3 feet of wood or dirt.

## Companion: Enbella (panther)

_Correct for level 5._

* __Proficiency__ +3 _(from player level)_
* __Armour Class__ 15 _(includes proficiency)_
* __Hit Point Maximum__ 19
* __Hit Dice__ 5d8
* __Speed__ 50 ft., climb 40 ft.
* __Attributes__
    - __STR__ 16 (+3)
    - __DEX__ 15 (+2)
    - __CON__ 10 (+0)
    - __INT__ 3 (-4)
    - __WIS__ 14 (+2)
    - __CHA__ 7 (-2)
* __Proficient skills__ Perception, Stealth, __TODO: choose 2 more__
* __Proficient saves__ All

### Abilities

__Keen Smell__ The panther has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on smell. 

__Pounce__ If the panther moves at least 20 feet straight toward a creature and then hits it with a claw attack on the same turn, that target must succeed on a DC 12 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. If the target is prone, the panther can make one bite attack against it as a bonus action.

### Actions

__Bite__ _Melee Weapon Attack:_ +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 1d6 + 6 piercing damage. _(attack and damage include proficiency)_

__Claw__ _Melee Weapon Attack:_ +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 1d4 + 6 slashing damage. _(attack and damage include proficiency)_

## Items

__TODO: add 130 gold to sheet__

### Elven Longblade

__TODO: add to sheet__

_Weapon (rapier), uncommon_

* __Properties__ Finesse, Light
* __Damage__ 1d8 Slashing

This thin, courtly sword is uncannily quick to strike.

### Studded Leather Armour

__TODO: add to sheet__

_Light Armour_

* __AC__ 12 + Dex

Made from tough but flexible leather, studded leather is reinforced with close-set rivets or spikes.

### Gloves of Comfort

__TODO: add to sheet__

These gloves keep the user's hands warm and dry or cool and comfortable and are resistant to damage from normal use. They can be used to handle thorns, sharp objects, or very hot or cold items with no harm to the gloves or the user. Minor cuts or tears in the gloves will repair themselves after a long rest but purposefully cutting, burning, etc., will destroy the gloves.
